Liang Zi, thanks to your analysis of the Mathematical Olympiad?
Even I improved by 27 places
It's all little clever technology, really
And what you said
understand
You force me
What happened this time?
You are the leader who can even protect the eyes of the Mathematical Olympiad class so early
But aren't you ashamed?
Didn't I enter too?
Those who do not tutor make greater progress than those who tutor
Looking for your endorsement is my sign
Where did you find such a fool
Shame on giving us cram school
Okay, shame yourself first.
Then I won't make it up.
What I said before was white and black characters.
Give up halfway or answer the sign double compensation
since
Think about yourself
Xu Siliang
I can't beat you
Friends, this is the first month of our retirement class
Well done everyone
Focus on praising Xu Ziliang
123rd in the grade rankings
Disciples, please share how you improved so quickly
Come welcome everyone
The improvement in my grades
Without the help of one person
Here I would like to solemnly thank you
Xu Lei
Come out
Someone reported that you stole questions before the exam
You and I will go to the traffic police office to cooperate with the investigation.